Summary

Salary:
    £Competitive
Team:
    Research Engineering
Location:
    Malmesbury - United Kingdom

Description
Within Dyson Research we define what’s next. At the very start of the new product ideas chain lays the technologies that enable them. Dyson Research delivers the long term support to the global company growth through technology innovation in our state of the art Wiltshire campus. Our New Product Innovation team relies on the development of key technologies for new innovative products, after which the New Product Development team carries them through to manufacturing; Dyson Research not only delivers the birth of new technologies but also supports those technologies through to their realisation and integration within a product.
Accountabilities

    Fundamental research into aero-acoustic concepts related to quieter/more efficient products. 
    Implement aero-acoustic simulations in order to steer development with the New Product Innovation design engineers. 
    Explore and introduce the latest aero-acoustic simulation techniques to the Dyson product design process. 
    Develop and deliver next-gen aero-acoustic technologies in tandem with New Product Innovation design engineers. 
    Work autonomously and independently to scope and deliver product focused technology concepts. 
    Conduct/support research with external institutes and universities toward future technology/capability development. 
    Design, build, and test candidate technologies, and disseminate knowledge to groups varying from graduates to directors. 
    Present concepts to James Dyson and the Executives when required.

Skills

    Strong engineering degree in Mechanical/Aero/Acoustic Engineering (other disciplines with relevant experience will be considered). 
    Experience with aero-acoustic simulation and analysis. 
    Knowledge of aero-acoustic experimental methodologies. 
    Working knowledge of LabView, Matlab, and Python (or alternative coding languages) would be an advantage. CFD experience is required; prior experience with ANSYS and/or COMSOL software would be an advantage. 
    Working knowledge of turbomachinery aero-acoustics would be an advantage. 
    Must be a clear communicator with good presentation skills. 
