Aerodynamics Engineer

Role Title and Location: Aerodynamics Engineer

Job Ref No:P7696

MBDA Level of role: Level 3/4, depending on experience & capability

Reports to: Head of Aerodynamics – UK, or a direct report

The Opportunity

There is an opportunity within the Aerodynamics Department to join a team of highly experienced engineers working at the forefront of missile aerodynamics and represents a rare opportunity to be actively involved in high speed aerodynamics. In this role you would find yourself a member of a team delivering highly innovative solutions in a wide range of missile system scenarios.

The Role

Working as part of the aerodynamics team you will be involved in the aerodynamic design, characterisation and assessment of missile airframes. This will involve the use of extensive use of CFD and other methods for aerodynamic assessment, as well as a suite of performance analysis tools and wind tunnel testing. These activities will cover free-flight and propulsion system installation aspects, as well as the integration of our missiles onto air, land and/or sea platforms. You will also be involved in the analysis of trials results, and have the opportunity to work with several other disciplines.

What’s in it for you?

    You will be working at the cutting-edge of missile aerodynamics as part of a team of specialist engineers, using some of the most sophisticated technology in defence.

    You will have the opportunity to work with a huge variety of flow regimes, from low subsonic to high supersonic, from steady flow to highly turbulent.

    This will include close working with other disciplines within MBDA such as mechanical design, thermal analysis and guidance, navigation & control, as well as external organisations such as the MOD, academia & other companies.

    This role is likely to involve limited travel within the UK to liaise with these disciplines and organisations.

What’s great about the team?

    You will be joining a team of approximately forty engineers who together form a world-class weapon aerodynamic design capability.

    This team has a broad range of specialist and multi-disciplinary skills and are involved in a wide range of activities, providing opportunities for working on and influencing the entire MBDA UK portfolio from the initial research and concept phase, through maturation and development, and into in-service support.

    Access to these wide-ranging opportunities is open to all team members to broaden their skills and enhance their personal development.

What are we looking for?

Essential

    Master’s degree and solid relevant working experience

    A desire to get involved in innovative product development and a proven record of delivering results to time, cost and quality.

    The ability to show clear technical thinking, and to communicate and share your ideas well

Desirable

    Extensive experience of aerospace aerodynamics and / or a Doctorate in a relevant subject

    Extensive experience of CFD, ideally focussed on high-speed aerodynamics

    Some experience leading teams

    Chartered Engineer status

What would you get?

Competitive salary, flexible working, paid overtime (subject to level), a comprehensive pension scheme, an employee funded voluntary private healthcare scheme, sporting activities, fantastic site facilities, bonus schemes (subject to level) and superb learning and development opportunities.

Please Note: MBDA UK requires employees to achieve and maintain SC security clearance or above without restrictions that will inhibit the individual’s ability to fulfil the requirements of the role. Your eligibility for the appropriate level of security clearance may be discussed with you during the recruitment process. Any existing clearance holders may be able to transfer clearance (subject to approval).

Are you a member of LinkedIn? If so, you are invited to join our LinkedIn Group to view future MBDA UK opportunities and news.

LinkedIn Group name: Engineering UK (Defence)
